statements: Add SHOW BINARY LOG STATUS info (#15380)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-master-status.md

The output of `SHOW MASTER STATUS` is designed to match MySQL. However, the execution results are different in that the MySQL result is the binlog location information and the TiDB result is the latest TSO information.

> The `SHOW BINARY LOG STATUS` statement was added in TiDB as alias for `SHOW MASTER STATUS` as that statement has been deprecated in MySQL 8.2.0 and newer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SHOW BINARY LOG STATUS` statement was added in TiDB as an alias for `SHOW MASTER STATUS`, which has been deprecated in MySQL 8.2.0 and newer versions. 
```
